fix sane pdf report script to support markdown local images fetch in MT env (#20019)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_8.md

#### Scripts
##### SanePdfReports
- Docker image has been updated to: *demisto/sane-pdf-reports:1.0.0.32002*.

> - Fix "Markdown widget does not fetch an uploaded image" in Multi Tenant environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *Markdown* widget would not fetch an uploaded image in multi-tenant environments.
```
